sogou
2. The Committee elected said amjad Ali as chairman and Peter Greg as vice - chairman by acclamation.
At the same time, Mr Henrik anus, as the acting vice-chairman who presided over the main sessions of the drafting Committee, also provided valuable assistance.
There are two statistical tables in this opinion and one regular budget assessment on the part to be paid in national currency.
It emphasizes the negative impacts of the transition from centrally planned economy to market economy and the devaluation of the krona on its economic situation.
The Czech Republic requests that it be counted as a new member state.
9. When invoking rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the general assembly, Armenia pointed out that the national income statistics of the former union of Soviet socialist republics were not certain to reflect its capacity to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that Armenia's current rate of assessment was not in line with its capacity to pay, and therefore invited the Committee to take into account, among other factors, the serious economic problems caused by its structural reform and political instability in the region.
Data on national income and population are attached to this opinion.
In addition, the government also offered reasons conducive to reviewing the 1989 - 1994 annual assessment rate.
It has provided the statistics division with data on national income and population and the exchange rate calculated by IMF for Latvia.
12. Ukraine's first submission quoted rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the general assembly and demanded that a fair assessment rate be determined based on its own national income data and the exchange rate specially calculated by IMF.
It pointed out that, as determined by the legal counsel of the United nations, if the contributions of the former union of Soviet socialist republics were mechanically reallocated, the Committee on contributions would effectively abandon the important principles and guidelines of the current procedure for determining the scale of assessments.
The government of Ukraine further pointed out that when deciding to increase Ukraine's assessment rate, it happened that its capacity to pay had decreased as a result of, inter alia, the impact of economic reform and the results of the accident of Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
It refers to the use of exaggerated national income data and unrealistic exchange rates as the basis for calculating the assessment rate of the former union of Soviet socialist republics, while Ukraine is unwilling to be influenced by its policies.
The submission is accompanied by national income data and IMF exchange rate.
13. Ukraine's second opinion detailed the economic losses it had suffered as a result of the implementation of the security Council resolution on sanctions against yugoslavia ( Serbia and Montenegro ), and requested the Committee on contributions to take this factor into account.
This opinion emphasizes that Estonia is a annexed and occupied country and has never been a part of the rights or obligations of the former union of Soviet socialist republics and a successor state.
At the same time, the submission also mentioned the sovereign national income and demographic statistics provided to the statistics division and the exchange rate of IMF.
16. With regard to rule 160 of the rules of procedure, the Slovak Republic, as one of the two successor States of the former Czech and Slovak federal Republic, requires that its assessment rate be determined according to its existing capacity to pay.
The opinion pointed out, inter alia, that the exchange rate of the former Czech and Slovak federal Republic was arbitrarily set so that the assessment rate of the former Republic exceeded its capacity to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that the capacity to pay in the Slovak Republic had decreased as a result of the transition to a market economy and the inability to acquire convertible currencies.
Many forms containing statistical information are attached to the submission.
It also described Kazakhstan's current economic difficulties and lack of foreign currency, which affected its ability to pay at this important stage of the transition period.
The note describes the characteristics of existing data about these countries and the efforts made by several international organizations in cooperation with these countries to improve data quality and adjust statistical systems of various transition economies.
At the same time, it also explains the criteria and procedures used to process data and deal with conflicting data.
This can explain why when the estimates are added up, they may not total the previous total number of former federal States, and also explain why these countries sometimes have more than one estimate, that is, each estimate is calculated according to different compilation criteria.
Therefore, even though the estimate is good, it may not be able to compare with previously centrally processed data or with data from other countries in this category.
23. However, the serious problem faced in interpreting the data of 22 member States is the problem of exchange rate.
As a matter of fact, the IMF's internal research on the quota calculation methods of the republics of the former union of Soviet socialist republics is to use these different exchange rate types.
For its own purposes, IMF has calculated the exchange rates of 1985 and 1990, and at the request of the countries concerned, it has also deduced the exchange rates of other years.
This note believes that it is not easy to explain the justifiable reasons of individual exchange rates ( different from the previous official exchange rates ) of the former republics several years before the dissolution of the union of Soviet socialist republics.
These exchange rates are completely incomparable with those used by IMF for other countries.
26. Imf informed the Committee that the exchange rates it calculated for countries in the previous few years before the dissolution of the former union of Soviet socialist republics were the same, and these exchange rates were only applicable to research and limit calculation.
The Committee was further informed that IMF did not intend to set these exchange rates any more, nor would it publish them in IMF international financial statistics ( the source of exchange rates used by the Committee ), because these exchange rates did not meet the IMF statistical standards.
At the same time, the Committee also reviewed the views of these countries on some parts of the scale methodology, especially the length of the quasi-period of statistics, exchange rates and the application of the quota system.
28. The Committee shares the concerns expressed on many matters.
However, it believes that its functions and powers prevent it from dealing with all kinds of political and legal issues raised.
After a lengthy discussion of individual opinions, the Committee believed that only according to the new scale of assessments could 22 member States be able to draw up assessment rates that properly reflected their capacity to pay.
The relief measures will not be able to deal with the principled positions of several countries in 22 member States.
The number of points offered for this purpose, if they are willing, is usually limited to the whole range of drawing up new scales.
The Committee believed that it was not necessary to give preferential treatment to 22 member States in order to achieve the most equitable rate for the vast majority of member States, but rather to modify the scale methodology used to formulate the next scale of assessments.
30. Some member States believe that the 22 member States, at least for the vast majority of them, should be assessed as new members when preparing the next scale.
Other member States expressed doubts about the scheme because of the legal, political and financial issues involved, because it had adverse impacts on the assessment rates of other member States, especially developing countries.
31. In accordance with its functions as stipulated in general assembly resolution 46 / 221 b, the Committee carefully reviewed all parts of the current scale methodology when calculating the next scale of assessments.
At the same time, it also considered the possibility of preparing the next scale according to the new method.
In doing so, the Committee also noted the need to address the special problems of 22 member States in a technical and practical way.
32. To review the current scale methodology, its components should be divided into three areas: income concept; Converting national income into United States dollars; And other components, namely, statistical base period, low per capita income relief and quota system.
33. Owing to time constraints and the lack of relevant data, the Committee was unable to discuss the functions contained in paragraph 7 ( c ) of resolution 46 / 221 b, but decided to continue its work in this regard.
Similarly, its ability to reflect member States' capacity to pay has long been challenged.
The Committee recalled its efforts in several years to adjust GDP to better reflect its capacity to pay.
35. Since the late 1980s, the work of the Committee has focused on reviewing other income concepts.
Other income concepts were adopted in the preparation of the last two scales, namely, the national income of countries with annual average national income less than $ 6,000 and large external debt was adjusted downwards.
The basic conceptual problem of this adjustment is that the practice of reducing debt from national income is not the income concept defined in international standards.
37. Monetary income is defined as the national income MINUS the estimated income of subsistence production in agriculture and other activities.
Income calculated according to this concept will benefit low-income countries with large self-sufficient economies.
However, this concept is not very sound, so it is not included in international statistical standards and it is difficult to express quantitatively.
This concept will better reflect the accrued assessment income of countries with large numbers of migrant workers or migrant workers employed abroad and countries with large numbers of refugees.
39. Income adjusted according to the change of national wealth is defined as national income MINUS the interest expense that needs to be invested to replace the loss of capital assets destroyed or lost by natural disasters or man-made disasters.
The formulation of this concept is not perfect and has not been put into practice. Therefore, it is not included in international statistical standards, and statistics are not easily available.
40. Sustainable income is defined as national income MINUS the expenses needed to maintain this income in the future.
This concept has not been effectively formulated, and it is not included in international statistical standards, while the provision of statistics depends on how it is conceptually formulated.
If further elaboration is made, the concept can face up to the needs expressed by some member States, that is, adjusting national income to compensate for a country's shortcomings in social and economic development ( such as lack of health care or educational facilities, housing and transportation systems ).
41. The discussion of the alternative income concept showed that members of the Committee had many different opinions.
From a technical point of view, the Committee still believes that the concept of national income is more sound than other income concepts for the preparation of the scale of assessments ( whether the scale in the past or in the future is income adjusted by debt ).
However, members felt that the alternative income concept discussed above should be kept under consideration and its possible uses should be periodically reviewed.
44. Market exchange rate is used to conduct international trade in goods and services and other payments and receipts between countries.
They reflect the relative prices of goods and services between countries and other international transactions ( such as foreign investment and loans, income and expenditure from investment and remittances of workers, working capital transfer ), as well as interest rates and expectations of financial markets.
The advantage of using market exchange rate to calculate the scale of assessments is that it is the same as the exchange rate used to calculate the payment of assessed contributions.
These data are available to all countries except IMF members.
All market exchange rates published by IMF are in line with international comparability standards.
45. The price adjustment exchange rate is established by the statistics division because the national income USD equivalent of countries with fixed and controlled exchange rate and / or the rate under high inflation rate is abnormal.
The definition of price adjustment exchange rate is to adjust the base period exchange rate of previous years or later years by price index that reflects inflation.
The market exchange rate and price adjustment exchange rate in the base period are equal.
Price adjustment of exchange rate has eliminated the influence of high inflation rate and unstable changes of exchange rate for many years.
These exchange rates have stabilized the time series of per capita income over the years.
As long as the price-adjusted exchange rates are based on the current exchange rates in the base period, illustrative calculations show that their application has not greatly changed the distribution of national income among member States.
46. In addition to the still existing practical problems about the base period used, for the purpose of preparing the scale of assessments, the formulation of the concept of price-adjusted exchange rate is very good.
One of the advantages of using price-adjusted exchange rates is to reduce the fluctuation of national income and per capita income and have the opportunity to use shorter statistical base period in a period of time.
However, it was pointed out that price-adjusted exchange rates could only be useful for calculating assessments, but not for actual contributions.
47. Purchasing power parity of a country is defined as how many units of a country's currency are needed to buy the same amount of goods and services in its own market, that is, as goods and services can be bought in one dollar in the United States.
In other words, purchasing power parity focuses on what kind of goods and services a country's GDP will buy compared with the purchasing power of other countries' GDP, rather than using international exchange rates to evaluate the output of goods and services in dollars.
For the purpose of preparing the scale, using purchasing power parity according to market exchange rate may greatly change the current distribution of national income.
48. The concept of purchasing power parity is very sound, which is used by several international and regional organizations for analysis and by some regional organizations for policy formulation.
At the same time, purchasing power parity is more suitable for international products than income used in preparing the scale.
This concept is based on the assumption that the goods and services selected for comparison are actually comparable in different countries.
Necessary statistics are collected every five years for a few countries.
49. The world atlas exchange rate is the average of last year's market exchange rate and two price-adjusted exchange rates. these exchange rates were revised to this year by price index in the previous two years.
The concept of exchange rate in the world atlas is sound and more suitable for international comparison than purchasing power parity.
At present, the world bank ( world atlas ) and UNDP ( indicative planning figures ) are using it, although it is not included in international statistical standards; But there are statistics on countries included in the world atlas every year.
50. When discussing different conversion rates, members of the Committee tried to accommodate their limitations on different concepts and data on the one hand and the degree of providing accurate and stable income measures over a period of time on the other.
General members all think that the problem of interpreting data, the problem of providing data and the cost of data compilation at this time are more important than the interesting conceptual characteristics of purchasing power parity ( for example, making the distribution of national income more stable will shorten the statistical base period ).
At the same time, the question of concern is whether the concept of international income comparison is appropriate and the chaotic impact on the distribution of national income caused by the initial use of this concept for the preparation of the scale.
Those members who are not in favour of using PPPs in the preparation of the scale emphasize that PPPs are currently only used for analysis and research and for the formulation of limited policies.
51. As there is no great difference between the world atlas exchange rate and the market exchange rate after a period of time, and as the latter is relatively common, the question of the most appropriate conversion rate becomes to choose between the market exchange rate and the price-adjusted exchange rate.
At the same time, as has been done in the past, price-adjusted exchange rates can also be used to correct the distortion of exchange rates in several countries.
52. The Committee pointed out the reasons for changing the statistical base period, and this issue has been considered at different times in the past.
The period of statistical base period used in the current scale preparation method is the best guarantee to stabilize the scale, and it balances the increase and decrease of national income.
However, the period of the current base period represents the past rather than current capacity to pay of member States.
54. Adjusting national income according to per capita income enables many developing countries, especially those with very large population, to reduce the burden.
bing
2.
The Committee elected Saidi Amgiad Ari as Chairman by acclamation and Mr. Peter Gregg as Vice-Chairman.
At the same time, Mr. Henrik Annus, as acting vice-president presiding over the major sessions of the Drafting Committee, also provided invaluable assistance.

The comments contained two statistical tables and a regular budget contribution on the part of the national currency to be paid.

It emphasized the negative impact on the economic situation of the transition from centrally planned economies to a market economy and the two devaluation of the krona.

The Czech Republic had requested that it should be used as a new member to calculate its assessed contributions.

9.
In invoking rule 160th of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, Armenia pointed out that the National collection statistics of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics were not allowed to be determined to reflect their capacity to pay.
It also noted that Armenia's current rate of assessment was incompatible with its capacity to pay, and requested the Commission, inter alia, to take into account the serious economic problems caused by its structural reform and political instability in the region.

The submission is accompanied by data on national income and population.

In addition, the Government had made a case for a review of the 1989-1994 annual rate of assessment.

It has provided the Statistics Division with data on national income and population, as well as the exchange rate that the IMF has calculated for Latvia.

12.
In its first submission, Ukraine invoked rule 160th of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and requested that a fair rate of assessment be established in accordance with its national income data and the exchange rate specifically calculated by IMF.
It noted that, if the United Nations Legal Counsel had determined that the contributions of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics had been mechanically redistributed, the Committee on Contributions had effectively renounced the important principles and guidelines for the current process of determining the scale of assessments.

The Government of Ukraine further noted that the decision to increase the rate of assessment of Ukraine coincided with a decrease in capacity to pay, inter alia, by the impact of economic reforms and the results of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident.

It refers to the use of exaggerated national income data and unrealistic exchange rates as a basis for calculating the assessed ratios of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, and Ukraine is unwilling to be affected by the country's policies.

The submission is accompanied by national income data and the IMF exchange rate.

13.
Ukraine's second submission elaborated on its economic losses as a result of Security Council resolutions on sanctions against Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and requested the Committee on Contributions to take that factor into account.
The submission emphasized that Estonia was a country that had been annexed and occupied and had never been a part of or a successor to the rights or obligations of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.

At the same time, the submission also referred to the Sovereign national income and demographic statistics provided to the Statistics Division and the exchange rate of IMF.

16.
As regards rule 160th of the rules of Procedure, the Slovak Republic, as one of the successor States to the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic of two successor States, has requested that its rate of assessment be determined on the basis of its existing capacity to pay.
The submission stated that, inter alia, the arbitrary establishment of the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic's rates of exchange had made the former republic's rate of assessment more than its capacity to pay.

It also noted that the Slovak Republic's capacity to pay had been reduced by the impact of the transition to a market economy and the inability to obtain convertible currencies.

The opinion book is accompanied by a number of tables containing statistical information.

It also describes the current economic difficulties and the lack of foreign currency in Kazakhstan, as these situations affect its capacity to pay during this important phase of the transition period.

It describes the characteristics of existing data on these countries and the efforts of a number of international organizations in cooperation with those countries to improve the quality of data and to adjust the statistical systems of the economies of transition.

It also describes the guidelines and procedures used to process data and cope with conflicting data.

This would explain why the estimates combined did not necessarily add up to the previous total of the former federal states, but also explained why they sometimes had more than one estimate, that is, each estimate was based on different codification guidelines.

Thus, even if the estimates are good, it may not be comparable to the data that was previously centrally processed or comparable to that of other countries in this category.

23.
However, the serious problem facing the interpretation of data from 22 Member States is the issue of exchange rates.
In fact, an internal study by IMF on the methodology for calculating quotas in the former union republics of the Soviet Socialist Republic was to use these different types of exchange rates.

For its own purposes, IMF calculated exchange rates for the 1985 and 1990 and, at the request of the countries concerned, other years.

The note considered that it was not easy to justify the individual rates of exchange (unlike the previous official exchange rate) of the former republics in the years prior to the dissolution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.

These rates are not comparable to the exchange rates used by the IMF for other countries.

26.
The IMF informed the Committee that it had the same exchange rate for countries in the years prior to the dissolution of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, and that those rates were applicable only to calculations of research and quotas.
The Committee was further informed that IMF did not intend to develop these rates again or to publish them in IMF International financial statistics (the source of the exchange rate used by the Commission), as they did not conform to the IMF statistical standards.

At the same time, the Committee reviewed the views of those States on the following issues: some parts of the scale methodology, in particular the application of statistics on the length of their duration, exchange rates and quota schemes.

28.
The Committee shared the concerns expressed in many matters.
However, it felt that its mandate prevented it from addressing the various political and legal issues raised.

After lengthy discussions on individual views, the Committee was of the view that only the new scale of assessments would provide 22 Member States with a rate of assessment that duly reflected their capacity to pay.

The relief approach would not be able to address the principled positions of several of the 22 Member States.

The provision of points for this purpose is usually limited to the entire scope of the development of the new scale.

The Committee was of the view that the most equitable rate for the vast majority of Member States was not to give preferential treatment to 22 Member States, but rather to revise the scale methodology used for the next scale of assessments.

30.
Some Member States believed that the 22 Member States, at least for the vast majority of those Member States, should be assessed as new Member States in the formulation of the next scale.
Other Member States doubted the approach because of the legal, political and financial implications of the approach, which had a negative impact on the rate of assessment of other Member States, particularly developing countries.

31.
In accordance with the functions mandated by General Assembly resolution 46/221B, the Commission has carefully reviewed all parts of the current scale methodology in the calculation of the next scale of assessments.
At the same time, it also took into account the possibility of developing the next scale in the light of the new approach.

In doing so, the Committee also noted the need to deal with the special problems of 22 Member States in a technical and practical manner.

32.
In order to review the current scale methodology, its components should be divided into three areas: the concept of income, the conversion of national income to United States dollars, and other components, namely, the statistical base period, the low per capita income concession and the quota approach.
33.
Owing to time constraints and the lack of relevant data, the Committee was unable to discuss the functions contained in paragraph 7th (c) of resolution 46/221B, but decided to continue its work in that regard.
Similarly, it has long been challenged to reflect the capacity of Member States to pay.

The Committee recalls its work in a few years to adjust GDP to better reflect its capacity to pay.

35.
Since the late 1980, the work of the Committee has focused on reviewing other income concepts.
Other income concepts have been introduced in the preparation of the two scales, with a downward adjustment in the national income of countries with an average annual income of less than $6000 and large external debt.

The basic concept of this adjustment is that the reduction of debt from national income is not the concept of income as defined in international standards.

37.
Monetary income is defined as the estimated income of national income minus subsistence production of agriculture and other activities.
Income calculated on the basis of this concept would benefit low-income countries with large, self-sustaining economies.

However, the concept is not very sound and is therefore not included in international statistical standards and is difficult to quantify.

The concept would better reflect the assessable income of the following countries: countries with large numbers of expatriate migrant workers or expatriate workers in employment abroad, as well as countries with large refugee populations.

39.
Income adjusted for changes in national wealth is defined as the amount of interest that the national income subtracts from the investment required to replace the loss of the capital assets damaged or lost as a result of natural or man-made disasters.
The concept was not well developed and not implemented, and was therefore not included in international statistical standards and statistics were not readily available.

40.
Sustainable income is defined as the national income minus the expenditures that will be required to sustain the income in the future.
The concept was not effectively developed, and it was not included in international statistical standards and the availability of statistics depended on conceptual elaboration.

If further elaboration was made, the concept would address the need expressed by some Member States to adjust national income to compensate for deficiencies in social and economic development of a country (e.g., lack of health or educational facilities, housing, transport systems).

41.
The discussion of the concept of alternative income shows that the members of the Committee have many different views.
From a technical standpoint, the Committee remains of the view that the concept of national income is more robust than other income concepts for the preparation of the scale of assessments (whether past or future scales are used for debt-adjusted income).

However, members were of the view that the concept of alternative income discussed above should continue to be considered and regularly reviewed for possible uses.

44.
Market exchange rates are those used for the conduct of international goods and services and other payments and receipts between states.
They reflect the relative prices of goods and services between countries and other international transactions (e.g. foreign investment and loans, income from investment and workers ' remittances, mobile capital transfers) and interest rates and expectations for financial markets.

The advantage of using MERS to calculate the scale of assessments is that the exchange rate is the same as the exchange rate for the payment of assessed contributions.

These data are available to all countries, unless they are members of IMF.

All market exchange rates published by IMF are in line with international comparability standards.

45.
The price-adjusted exchange rate is the result of an anomaly in the United States dollar equivalent of national income of countries in which the Statistics Division has fixed and controlled exchange rates and/or rates with high inflation rates.
A price-adjusted exchange rate is defined as a benchmark exchange rate that reflects an inflation-adjusted price index in previous years or years.

The market exchange rate and the price adjustment exchange rate of the base period are equal.

The price-adjusted exchange rate has over the years been able to eliminate the effects of high inflation and the volatility of exchange rates.

These rates have stabilized the per capita income time series over the years.

As long as the price-adjusted exchange rate is based on the current exchange rate at the base period, descriptive calculations show that their application has not significantly altered the distribution of national income among Member States.

46.
In addition to the practical issues that still exist with regard to the base period used, the concept of a price-adjusted exchange rate is very good for the purpose of preparing the scale of assessments.
One advantage of using price-adjusted exchange rates is to reduce fluctuations in national income and per capita income over time and to have the opportunity to use shorter statistical base periods.

It was noted, however, that the price-adjusted exchange rate could only be useful for the calculation of assessed contributions and would not be useful for actual payments.

47.
A country's PPP is defined as the number of units of a country's currency needed to buy the same amount of goods and services in the domestic market, as in the case of goods and services that can be bought in the United States.
In other words, PPP is a focus on comparing the purchasing power of other countries ' GDP, what goods and services a country's GDP will buy, rather than using the international exchange rate to evaluate the output of countries ' goods and services in dollars.

To prepare the scale, the use of purchasing power parity (PPP) based on market exchange rates may significantly change the current distribution of national income.

48.
The concept of PPP is sound and is used by a number of international and regional organizations for analysis and is used by some regional organizations to formulate policies.
At the same time, purchasing power parity is more suitable for international products than for example the income used for preparing the scale.

The concept is based on the assumption that goods and services selected for comparison are actually comparable in different countries.

The necessary statistics are collected every five years for a few countries.

49.
The World Atlas Exchange rate is the average of the previous year's market exchange rates and the two price adjustment exchange rates, which were revised by the price index to this year's previous two years.
The concept of the World Atlas exchange rate is sound and is more suitable for international comparisons than PPP.

Currently, the World Bank (Atlas) and UNDP (indicative planning figures) are using it, although not included in international statistical standards, but statistics are available annually for countries included in the World Atlas.

50.
In discussing the various conversion rates, members of the Commission sought to accommodate the extent to which they were limited in terms of various concepts and data and, on the other hand, provided accurate and stable income measures over a period of time.
The general membership was of the view that the problem of interpretation of data, the issue of data availability and the cost of data preparation were more important than the interesting concept characteristics of PPP (for example, the more stable distribution of national revenues would shorten the statistical base period).

At the same time, the issue of concern was the appropriateness of the concept of international income comparisons and the confusion affecting the distribution of national income for the concept of the initial use of the scale.

Those Members who were not in favour of using PPP for the preparation of the scale emphasized that PPP should be used only for analysis and research and for the formulation of limited policies.

51.
Since, over time, the World Atlas exchange rate does not differ significantly from the market exchange rate and as the latter is more prevalent, the question of the most appropriate conversion rate becomes a choice between MERS and price-adjusted exchange rates.
At the same time, as has been done in the past, price-adjusted exchange rates can also be used to correct the distortions in several countries ' exchange rates.

52.
The Committee noted the rationale for the change in the statistical base period, which had been considered at various times in the past.
The duration of the statistical base period used in the current scale methodology was the best guarantee for the stability of the scale, which balanced the increase or decrease in national income.

However, the current period of the benchmark period was a capacity to pay on behalf of Member States rather than now.

54.
The adjustment of national income on the basis of per capita income has enabled many developing countries, particularly those with a large population, to reduce their burdens.
yandex
2。 The Committee elected by acclamation Syed Amjad Ali, Chairman, Peter Gregg, Mr. Vice-President.
At the same time, Henrik, Ann Newman, Mr. as chaired the Drafting Committee of each of the main sessions of the Acting Vice-President also provided valuable assistance.
The opinion has two tables and one on the paid in the national currency portion of the Regular Budget assessed contributions.
It emphasizes the transition from a centrally planned to a market economy and the Krona twice the devaluation of their economic situation caused by the adverse effects.
The Czech Republic requires it as a new member state to calculate the assessments.
9 in. In citing General Assembly rules of procedure of the first six zeros, Armenia pointed out that the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics the national income statistics do not accurately set to reflect their ability to pay.
At the same time, it is also noted that Armenia's current assessment rate with capacity to pay do not match, and therefore requested the Commission to, among other factors, taking into account its structural reform and the regional political instability caused serious economic problems.
The advice within the book about the national income and population data.
In addition, the government proposed conducive to the review of the 1989-1994 assessment rate reason.
It has to the statistical division about national income and population data and IMF for Latvia the calculation of the exchange rate.
12 in. Ukraine's first submission, citing the General Assembly rules of procedure, the first six of the zero article and the requirements according to their national income data and the IMF in particular the calculation of the exchange rate to determine a fair sharing ratio.
It is noted that, as the United Nations legal counsel to determine if metronomic against the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on contributions to be re-allocated, the Committee on contributions will effectively give up the current to determine the scale of assessments of the program's important principles and guidelines.
The Ukrainian government further noted that the decision to increase Ukraine's rate of assessment when exactly is it due to, inter alia, the reform of the economic impact and the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident results caused the ability to pay has decreased.
It mentions the use of exaggerated national income data and the unrealistic exchange rate as calculated before the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics-sharing ratio according to, and Ukraine is unwilling to subject the government policies impact.
The opinion letter attached to the national income data and the IMF's exchange rate.
The 13. Ukraine's second submissions detailed description of it by the Security Council on sanctions against Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro of the implementation of the resolutions and subject of the economic losses, and requested the Committee on contributions taking into account this factor.
The opinion letter stressed that Estonia is an annexation and occupation of the country, has never been the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics the rights or obligations of part and inherit the country.
At the same time, the submissions also referred to the Statistics Division of the sovereignty of national income and population statistics and the IMF's exchange rate.
16 in. On the rules of procedure of the first six zeros strip, the Slovak Republic, as the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic, the two successor States of a successor State according to the requirements of its existing payment ability to determine its apportionment ratio.
The opinion letter stated, among other things, any development of the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic exchange rate so that the former Republic of the rate of assessment exceed its ability to pay.
At the same time, it is also noted that the Slovak Republic's ability to pay due to the transition to a market economy the impact and cannot be made in a convertible currency and has decreased.
The opinion letter attached to the many contained in the statistical information table.
It also describes Kazakhstan's current economic difficulties and the lack of foreign currency to the situation, because these situations impact to it during the transitional period this important stage of ability to pay.
Description of the narrative related in these countries existing data characteristics and a number of international organizations with these countries to improve data quality and to adjust the transition economies of the statistical system and cooperation of efforts.
At the same time, it also illustrates the processing of the data and cope with the conflicting data on the use of guidelines and procedures.
This may explain why the estimates add up when not necessarily add up to the former Federal States of the previous total, but also explain why these countries sometimes have more than one estimate, i.e., each estimate is based on the different codification of the norms is calculated.
Therefore, even if the estimate is good, but it still may not be with the previous centralized processing of the data for comparison or with other this category national data for comparison.
The 23. However, the 22 member States of data explanation of the face of the serious problems is the exchange rate aspects of the problem.
In fact, the IMF of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics the Republic of the limits of the calculation method for the internal research is the use of these different exchange rate type.
For their own purposes, the Fund calculates the 1985 and 1990 the exchange rate and by the countries concerned of the request also infer the other years of the exchange rate.
The description is considered to illustrate each of the former republics in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics disbanded several years before the Individual exchange rates different to the previous official exchange rate of justification is not easy.
These exchange rates with the IMF for other countries use of the exchange rate is completely not be compared.
The 26. The IMF informed the Committee that it is the countries of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in the dissolution of previous years to calculate the rate is the same, and these rates apply only to conduct research and limits of the calculation.
The Committee was further informed that the IMF does not intend to re-set these rates, and no longer will they be published in the IMF International Financial Statistics the Committee using the exchange rates of the sources, because these rates does not comply with IMF statistical standards.
At the same time, the Committee also examined these countries on the following issues: the methodology of some part, especially the statistics of its quasi-period, exchange rates and the scheme of limits of application.
The 28. The Commission on many matters of concern have felt the same.
However, it considered that its terms of reference so that it can't handle the mention of various political and legal issues.
In the individual comments for a lengthy discussion, the Committee considered only according to the new scale of assessments for the 22 member States to develop appropriate reflect its ability to pay the assessed rate.
Relief options will not be able to handle the 22 member States in the several countries of the principled position of the problem.
If you prefer for this purpose to provide the number of points is usually also limited in the elaboration of the new scale of the entire range.
The Committee considered that to make the the vast majority of Member States give the most fair ratio is not to the 22 member States to give preferential treatment, but you want to modify to the development of the next scale of assessments the use of assessments the preparation approach.
The 30. Some Member States considered in the development of the next, the scale should be the 22 member States, at least for the vast majority of these Member States, as the new member States as to the assessed contributions.
Other Member States due to the way the legal, political and financial problems and the way to doubt, because the approaches of other member States, especially developing countries, the rate of assessment of adverse effects.
Of 31. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 46/221B resolution provisions of the duties of the Commission in the calculation of the next scale of assessments carefully reviewed the current scale methodology all sections.
At the same time, it is also taken into account according to the new approach to the preparation of the next scale of possibilities.
In doing so, the Committee also noted that there needs to be a technical and practical way to deal with the 22 member States of the Special Issue.
Of 32. To review the current scale methodology, each part shall be divided into three areas: income concepts; national income converted to dollars; and the other components, namely the statistical reference period, the low per capita income reduced the amount and limits of approach.
The 33. Due to time constraints and lack of relevant data, the Committee failed to discuss Article 46/221B resolution paragraph 7（c）period contained in the post, but decided to continue work in this area.
Similarly, it can reflect the States ability to pay the ability to has long been challenged.
The Committee recalls that it is within a few years to adjust the GDP to make it better reflect the ability to pay of the work.
Of 35. Since the late 1980s, the work of the Committee focused on the review of other income concepts.
In the preparation on the two scales when there is the use of the other income concepts, i.e. annual per capita income less than$6000 and the external debt and Large the national income as adjusted downward.
This adjustment of the basic concept of the problem is that from the national income minus the debt approach is not the international standard within the determined of the income concept.
A 37. Monetary income is defined as national income minus agricultural and other activities of subsistence production to estimate income.
According to this concept the calculation of income will be beneficial to have large subsistence economies low-income countries.
However, the concept is not very sound, and therefore not including international statistical standards and it is difficult to number representation.
The concept will better reflect the following States of the accrued assessed income: have to hire a large number of non-resident migrant workers or in the foreign employment of expatriate workers in the country and have a large number of refugees living in the country.
Of 39. By country wealth change and adjust the definition of income is national income minus a is substituted by natural disasters or man-made disasters, the destruction or loss of a Capital Asset loss and the need to make investments the interest charges.
The concept of development is not very sound also not been implemented; therefore not included in the international statistical standards, and the statistics are not easy to get.
The 40. Sustainable definition of income is national income minus the future to maintain the income needed to make expenses.
The concept of not effectively be developed, it is not included in the international statistical standards and statistical numbers available depends on the on the concept is how to development.
If further developed, the concept will be able to confront some Member States expressed the need, i.e., to adjust the national income to compensate for a country in social and economic development of defects such as lack of health or educational facilities, housing, transport system.
41 in. The alternative income concepts the discussion showed that the Committee members have many different opinions.
From a technical point of view, the Committee still considered for preparing the scale of assessments, whether past or future scales is to use a debt adjustment of income-national income concepts other than the income concept is more sound.
However, members considered that the above discussion of alternative income concepts should continue to be considered and regular review of its possible uses.
Of 44. The market exchange rate is used for international goods and services transactions and between countries, other payments and receivables.
They reflect National goods and services relative prices and other international transactions such as foreign investments and loans, investment income payments and workers ' remittances, the flow of capital transfers and interest rates and of financial market expectations.
With the market exchange rate to calculate the scale of the benefits is the exchange rate and to calculate the assessed contributions for the payment of the rate is the same.
Unless the IMF members, these data are available for all countries upon request.
The IMF published all the market rates are in line with international comparable standards.
Of 45. Price-adjusted exchange rate is the statistical division due to having the following the case of national income the US dollar equivalent is not normal and the development of: a fixed and controlled exchange rate and/or in the rate of inflation is high with the rate.
The price adjustment of the exchange rate Definition is to reflect the inflation of the price index adjustment of the previous years or years after the reference period the exchange rate.
Reference period the market exchange rate and the price adjusted rates of exchange are equal.
Price adjusted rates of exchange over the years the high inflation rate and the exchange rate of the instability changes can be eliminated.
These exchange rates over the years so that the per capita income time series can be stabilized.
As long as the price-adjusted exchange rate is the reference period of the current exchange rate according to the illustrative calculations show that their use did not change greatly between the Member States of the national income distribution.
The 46. In addition to still exist on the use of a reference period of practical issues, for preparing the scale of assessments purpose, price-adjusted exchange rate the concept of the development is very good.
The use of price adjusted rates of exchange one of the benefits is that over a period of time reduce national income and per capita income fluctuations and have the opportunity to use the shorter of the statistical reference period.
However, it was noted that the price adjustment of the exchange rate can only be calculated in the assessments useful, the actual payment is useless.
The 47. A country's purchasing power parity is defined in the national market need to be to how many units of a country's currency to buy the same amount of goods and services, that is, in the United States, a dollar can buy goods and services above.
In other words, the PPP is focusing on other countries Gross Domestic Product purchasing power compared to a country's GDP will buy what goods and services, rather than using the international exchange rate rating countries in dollar terms of goods and services outputs.
For the preparation of the scale, according to the market exchange rates calculated using purchasing power parity may make the current national income distribution is greatly changed.
48 In. Purchasing power parity the concept is sound, a number of international and regional organizations to use it for analysis, some regional organizations also use it to develop policy.
Meanwhile, PPP also proportion as for the scale of the use of the income comparison is more suitable for international products.
The concept was based on the assumption that the selection used for comparison of goods and services actually in the different countries is comparable.
Every five years a handful of countries to collect the necessary statistics.
49 In. World Atlas the exchange rate is on an annual market exchange rate and two price-adjusted exchange rate the average of these exchange rates the first two years of exchange rate and price index revision to this year.
World Atlas of the exchange rate concept is sound but also the ratio of purchasing power parity is more suitable for international comparison.
Currently the World Bank（World Atlas and UNDP indicative planning figures, is the use of it, although not included in the international statistical standards; however, the Atlas of the world included within the National annual statistics.
Of 50. In the discussion of the different conversion rates of the problem, the members of the Committee tried to accommodate them on the one hand in a variety of different concepts and data limitations and on the other hand in a period of time to provide accurate and stable revenue measures.
General members are considered to explain the data issues, data availability issues and in this case data preparation of cost issues than the cause of interest in the PPP concept characteristics, such as making national income distribution more stable will make the statistical reference period is shortened）more important.
At the same time, affected by the concerns of international income comparison of concepts is appropriate and for the preparation of the scale originally used this concept in the national income distribution caused by the chaotic influence.
Those who disapproval the purchasing power parities used in the preparation of the scale of assessments of members stressed that the PPP is currently only applied to the analysis and research and development limited policy.
The 51. Because after a period of time world Atlas exchange rate and the market exchange rate and no significant difference and since the latter is more popular, and therefore on the most appropriate conversion rate from changes in market rates and price adjusted rates of exchange between make a choice.
At the same time, as in the past the same, the price adjustment of the exchange rate can also be used to correct several countries the exchange rate distortion.
52 in. The Committee noted that a change in the statistical reference period, the reason for this problem has been in the past various different time to be considered.
The current scale methodology the use of Statistics reference period the period is to make the scale stable the best of guarantee that it make the national income increase or decrease is balanced.
However, the current reference period the period is the representative of the Member States in the past and not now of ability to pay.
The 54. According to the per capita income to adjust the national income in many developing countries, especially those of the population of developing countries, to reduce the burden.
baidu
2. The Committee elected Said Amjad Ali as chairman by clapping and vice president Peter Greg.
At the same time, Mr. Henrik Anius also provided valuable assistance as deputy vice-chairman of the major sessions of the drafting committee.
There are two statistical tables and a regular budget assessment on the payment of domestic currency.
It emphasizes the adverse impact of the transition from a centrally planned economy to a market economy and the two devaluation of Krona on its economic situation.
Czech Republic demands that it be assessed as a new member state.
9. At the time of citing the first 60 of the rules of event of the conference, Armenia pointed out that the national collection statistics of the former Soviet Union of socialist republics were not determined to reflect their capacity to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that the current rate of sharing in Armenia was not in line with its capacity to pay, so it asked the committee to take into account, among other factors, the serious economic problems caused by its structural reform and political instability in the region.
The submission contains data on national income and population.
In addition, the government has also proposed reasons for reviewing the annual apportionment rate in 1989-1994.
It has provided the Statistics Division with data on national income and population and the exchange rate calculated by IMF for Latvia.
12. The first draft of Ukraine quoted the first 60 of the rules of procedure of the great conference and required a fair share rate in accordance with the national income data of its own country and the exchange rate specially calculated by the IMF.
It pointed out that, if the United Nations legal adviser established the redistribution of the membership of the former Soviet Socialist Republics Union, the committee had effectively abandoned the important principles and guidelines for the current procedure for determining the scale of the scale.
The government of Ukraine further pointed out that the decision to increase the rate of apportionment of Ukraine was due to the fact that, among other things, the impact of economic reform and the results of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident reduced the capacity to pay.
It refers to the use of exaggerated national income data and unrealistic exchange rates as the basis for the calculation of the rate of apportionment of the former Soviet Socialist Republics alliance, and Ukraine is reluctant to be affected by the policy of the country.
The submission contains national income data and IMF exchange rate.
13. The second letter of opinion in Ukraine details its economic losses due to the implementation of the Security Council resolutions on sanctions against Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and requests the Committee on contributions to take this factor into account.
It emphasizes that Estonia is a annexed and occupied country, and has never been a part of the rights or obligations of the former Soviet Union of Socialist Republics and the successor state.
At the same time, the submission also referred to the sovereign national income and population statistics provided by the Statistics Division and the exchange rate of the IMF.
16. As regards rule 1. 60 of the rules of procedure, the Republic of Slovakia, as a successor state of the two successor states of the former Czech and the Federal Republic of Slovakia, requires the determination of its rate of assessment in accordance with its existing capacity to pay.
It points out that the exchange rate of the former Czech and the Federal Republic of Slovakia, among other things, makes the former Republic more apportionment than its capacity to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that the Slovakia Republic's ability to pay has been reduced due to the transition to the market economy and the inability to obtain convertible currencies.
The submission is accompanied by a number of tables containing statistical information.
It also describes the current economic difficulties and the lack of foreign currency in Kazakhstan, which affects its capacity to pay at this critical stage of the transition period.
It describes the characteristics of the existing data on these countries and the efforts of a number of international organizations to cooperate with these countries in order to improve the quality of data and to adjust the statistical systems of the transitional economies.
At the same time, it also explains the criteria and procedures used to process data and cope with conflicting data.
This can explain why the estimates add up to the previous federal total, and also explain why these countries sometimes have more than one estimate, that is, each estimate is calculated on the basis of different codification guidelines.
Therefore, even if the estimate is good, it may not be comparable with the data previously collected or can be compared with the data of other countries in this category.
23. However, the serious problem facing the interpretation of the data of the 22 member states is the exchange rate issue.
In fact, the IMF's internal research on the methods of calculating the quota of the former Soviet Socialist Republics is the use of these different types of exchange rates.
For its own purpose, IMF calculated the exchange rate in 1985 and 1990 and inferred from other countries' requests for exchange rates over the other years.
The note suggests that it is not easy to explain the legitimate reasons for the individual exchange rates (unlike the former official exchange rates) in the previous years prior to the dissolution of the union of the Soviet Socialist Republics.
These exchange rates are totally different from the exchange rate used by IMF for other countries.
26. The IMF informed the committee that it was the same as the exchange rate that countries had calculated in the previous years of the dissolution of the former Soviet Socialist Republics alliance, which only applied to research and the calculation of quotas.
The committee was further informed that the IMF did not intend to re establish these exchange rates and no longer publish them on the IMF International Financial Statistics (the source of the exchange rate used by the Commission), as these rates were not in accordance with the IMF statistical standards.
At the same time, the committee also reviewed the views of these countries on the following issues: some parts of the scale of the scale, in particular the application of statistics on the length of its quasi period, the exchange rate and quota method.
28. The Committee shared the concerns expressed in many matters.
However, it considers its authority to make it unable to deal with all the political and legal issues raised.
After a long discussion of individual opinions, the committee considered that only the new apportionment scale could be developed for 22 member states to appropriately reflect the rate of apportionment of their capacity to pay.
The exemption method will not deal with the principled stand of a number of countries in the 22 member states.
If you are willing to provide points for this purpose, it is usually limited to the entire scale of the new scale.
The Committee believes that the most equitable ratio of the vast majority of Member States is not to give preferential treatment to 22 member states, but to make changes to the formulation of the scale of scale for the next apportionment scale.
30. Some Member States believe that in the formulation of the next, the scale should be allocated to the 22 member states, at least for the vast majority of these member states, as new member states.
Other member states were skeptical of the approach because of the legal, political and financial issues involved in the approach, which had a negative impact on the rate of assessment of other Member States, especially in developing countries.
31. In accordance with the functions set out by the general assembly in resolution 46/221B, the Committee carefully examined all parts of the current scale of scale in the calculation of the next scale of assessments.
At the same time, it also takes into account the possibility of developing the next scale according to the new approach.
In doing so, the committee also noted the need to deal with the special problems of the 22 member states in a technical and practical way.
32. In order to review the current scale formulation approach, the various parts of the scale should be divided into three areas: the concept of income; the conversion of national income into US dollars; and other components, namely, the statistical datum period, the low per capita income reduction and the quota method.
33. Due to time constraints and lack of relevant data, the committee had not been able to discuss the functions contained in paragraph seventh (c) of resolution 46/221B, but decided to continue the work in this area.
Similarly, its ability to reflect the ability of Member States to pay is also challenged for a long time.
The Committee recalls its work done in recent years to adjust gross domestic product to better reflect its capacity to pay.
35. Since the late 1980s, the work of the Commission has focused on reviewing other income concepts.
In the preparation of the two scale, other income concepts were adopted, and the national income of a country with a national average income of less than $6000 and a large foreign debt was adjusted downward.
The basic concept of this adjustment is that the way of reducing debt from national income is not the concept of income defined in international standards.
37. The definition of monetary income is that the national income minus the estimated income of self-produced production of agriculture and other activities.
The income calculated based on this concept will benefit low-income countries with large self-supporting economies.
However, the concept is not very sound and therefore does not include international statistical standards and is difficult to quantify.
The concept will better reflect the accrued income of the following countries: the employment of a large number of migrant workers living in the country or the state of the overseas residing workers who are employed in foreign countries, as well as a large number of refugees living in the countries.
39. The definition of income adjusted according to the change of state wealth is the interest expense that the national income subtracts to replace the loss of capital assets, which is destroyed or lost by natural or man-made disasters.
The formulation of the concept is not very sound nor implemented; therefore, it is not included in international statistical standards, and statistics are not readily available.
40. The definition of sustainable income is national income minus the expenditure needed to maintain this income in the future.
The concept is not effectively formulated. It is not included in international statistical standards. The provision of statistics depends on how the concept is formulated.
If further developed, the concept will be able to face up to the needs expressed by some Member States, namely, to adjust national income to compensate for defects in the social and economic development of a country (for example, lack of health or education facilities, housing, transport systems).
41. The discussion on the concept of alternative income shows that members of the Committee have many different opinions.
From a technical point of view, the committee still believes that the concept of national income for the compilation of the scale of assessments (whether the scale of the previous or future scales is the use of debt adjustment) is more sound than the other income concepts.
However, members considered that the concept of alternative income discussed above should continue to be considered and regularly reviewed for its possible uses.
44. Market exchange rate is used for international trade in goods and services and other payments and receipts between countries.
They reflect the relative prices of goods and services among countries and other international transactions (such as foreign investment and loans, income and expenditure of investment and workers' remittances, mobile capital transfers) and interest rates and expectations of the financial market.
The advantage of using the market exchange rate to calculate the apportionment is that the exchange rate is the same as the exchange rate used to calculate the payment of assessed contributions.
Except for IMF members, such data can be obtained from all countries.
All market rates announced by IMF are in line with international comparability standards.
45. The price adjustment exchange rate is made by the Statistics Division as a result of the abnormal dollar equivalent of the national income of the following countries: rates of fixed and regulated exchange rates and / or at high inflation rates.
The definition of price adjusted exchange rate is to adjust the benchmark exchange rate in previous years or years after reflecting the inflation price index.
The market exchange rate and the price adjustment exchange rate in the benchmark period are equal.
The price adjusted exchange rate has been able to eliminate the influence of high inflation rate and unstable exchange rate over the years.
These exchange rates have stabilized the per capita income time series over the years.
As long as the price adjustment exchange rate is based on the current exchange rate of the base period, the explanatory calculation shows that their application does not greatly change the distribution of national income among the member states.
46. In addition to the still existing questions about the usefulness of the benchmark period, the concept of price adjustment exchange rate is very good for the purpose of compiling the scale of the scale.
One advantage of using price adjustment is to reduce the fluctuation of national income and per capita income over a period of time and to have the opportunity to use a shorter base period.
However, it has been pointed out that the price adjustment exchange rate can only be useful for calculating the apportionment and is useless for actual payment.
47. The definition of a country's purchasing power parity is to buy the same quantity of goods and services in the country's market by how many units of national currency, that is, goods and services that can be bought at one dollar in the United States.
In other words, purchasing power parity is focused on comparing with the purchasing power of other countries' gross domestic product, what kind of goods and services will be bought by a country's gross domestic product, rather than the use of the international exchange rate to evaluate the output of goods and services in dollar terms by countries.
In order to prepare the scale, the use of purchasing power parity based on market exchange rate may greatly alter the distribution of current national income.
48. The concept of purchasing power parity is very sound. Some international and regional organizations use it to analyze, and some regional organizations also use it to formulate policies.
At the same time, the proportion of purchasing power parity is more suitable for international products than the income generated by the scale.
The concept is based on the assumption that goods and services chosen for comparison are actually comparable in different countries.
Every five years, the necessary statistics are collected for a few countries.
49. The exchange rate of the world atlas is the average of the previous year's market exchange rate and the two price adjusted exchange rate, which have been revised to this year with the price index.
The concept of the world atlas exchange rate is sound and is more suitable for international comparison than PPP.
It is currently being used by the World Bank (the World Atlas) and the UNDP (indicative planning figures), although not included in the international statistical standards; but there are statistical figures for the countries included in the atlas of the world every year.
50. In discussing the various conversion rates, the members of the Committee try to accommodate the extent to which they can provide accurate and stable income measures on the one hand, on the one hand, on the different concepts and data, and on the other hand, for a period of time.
The general members think that the problem of explaining data, the problems provided by the data, and the cost of the data compilation at this time are more important than the interesting concept of the purchasing power parity concept (for example, making the distribution of national income more stable will shorten the statistical datum period).
At the same time, the issue of concern is the appropriateness of the concept of international income comparison and the chaotic impact of the initial use of the scale on the distribution of national income.
Those who are not in favour of purchasing PPP for making scale are stressed that PPP is currently applied only to analysis and research and to formulate limited policies.
51. Since there is no significant difference between the exchange rate of the world atlas and the market exchange rate after a period of time and the latter is more popular, the most appropriate conversion rate becomes a choice between the market exchange rate and the price adjustment exchange rate.
At the same time, as in the past, the price adjustment rate can also be used to correct the distortion of several countries' exchange rates.
52. The committee pointed out the reasons for changing the period of the statistical base period, which has been considered in the past different periods.
The current period in which the reference period is used in the scale compilation method is the best guarantee for the stability of the scale, which balances national income increase and decrease.
However, the current period of reference is to represent the past and not the ability of the member states to pay.
54. The adjustment of national income based on per capita income has reduced the burden on many developing countries, especially those with a large population.
google
2. The committee elected Seyyed Ahmed Ali as chairman, and Mr. Peter Gregg as vice chairman.
At the same time, Mr Henrik Annus also provided valuable assistance as acting Deputy Chairman of the main sessions of the Drafting Committee.
In this opinion, there are two statistical tables and a regular budget assessment on the part of the payment in the national currency.
It emphasizes the negative impact of the two transitional devaluations from the central planned economy to the market economy and the Krone on its economic conditions.
The Czech Republic requested that it be treated as a new member to calculate its assessment.
9. In quoting Article 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, Armenia pointed out that the statistics of the national income of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics are not accurately reflected in their ability to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that Armenia’s current assessment rate is inconsistent with its capacity to pay and requested the Commission to take into account, amongst other factors, the serious economic problems caused by its structural reforms and political instability in the region.
The submission contains data on national income and population.
In addition, the government also put forward the reasons for reviewing the 1989-1994 annual assessment.
It has provided the Statistics Division with data on national income and population, as well as IMF exchange rates for Latvia.
12. The first Ukrainian submission quoted rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and called for a fair rate of assessment based on the national income data of its own country and the currency rate specifically calculated by the IMF.
It pointed out that, as determined by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations, if the membership of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is duly redistributed, the Committee on Contributions effectively abandons the important principles and guidelines for the procedure for the current determination of the scale of assessments.
The Ukrainian government further pointed out that it was precisely because of its decision to increase Ukraine’s assessment rate, among other things, that the impact of economic reforms and the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident resulted in a decrease in capacity to pay.
It referred to the use of exaggerated national income data and unrealistic exchange rates as a basis for the calculation of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republic assessments, while Ukraine was unwilling to be affected by the country’s policies.
The submission contains national income data and the IMF’s exchange rate.
13. The second Ukrainian submission elaborated on the economic losses it suffered as a result of Security Council resolutions on sanctions against Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and requested the Committee on Contributions to take this factor into account.
The submission stressed that Estonia is a country that has been annexed and occupied. It has never been a part of the rights or obligations of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and a successor state.
At the same time, the submission also refers to the statistics provided by the Statistics Division on sovereign national income and demographic statistics and the IMF’s exchange rate.
16. With regard to rule 60 of the rules of procedure, the Slovak Republic, as one of the two successor States of the former Czechoslovakia and the Slovak Federal Republic, requested that its assessment rate be determined on the basis of its existing capacity to pay.
The submission stated that, among other things, the arbitrarily established exchange rates of the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republics have allowed the former Republic’s assessment rate to exceed its capacity to pay.
At the same time, it also pointed out that the payment capacity of the Slovak Republic has been reduced by the transition to a market economy and the inability to obtain convertible currencies.
The submission contains many forms with statistical data.
It also described Kazakhstan’s current economic difficulties and lack of foreign currency, as these conditions affect its ability to pay in this important phase of the transition period.
The narrative describes the characteristics of existing data on these countries and the efforts of a number of international organizations and these countries in cooperation to improve the quality of data and adjust the statistical systems of the transition economies.
At the same time, it also explains the criteria and procedures used to process data and deal with conflicting data.
This can explain why the estimates do not necessarily add up to the previous total number of former federal states, but also explain why these countries sometimes have more than one estimate, that is, each estimate is based on different compilation guidelines.
Therefore, even if the estimate is good, it may not necessarily be comparable with the previously centralized data or it may be compared with other countries in this category.
twenty three. However, the serious problem facing the interpretation of the data of the 22 Member States is the issue of exchange rates.
In fact, IMF's internal research on the limits calculation method of the former Soviet Union of Socialist Republics uses these different types of exchange rates.
For its own purposes, the IMF calculated the exchange rates for 1985 and 1990 and, at the request of the countries concerned, also extrapolated exchange rates for other years.
The note argues that it is not easy to state the justifications for the individual exchange rates (different from the previous official exchange rates) of the former republics in the years prior to the dissolution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
These exchange rates are completely incomparable with the exchange rates used by the IMF for other countries.
26. The IMF informed the Commission that it was the same for all countries in the former Soviet Union of Soviet Union’s exchange rates calculated several years before the dissolution, and that these exchange rates only apply to the conduct of research and quota calculations.
The Committee was further informed that IMF does not intend to set these exchange rates any longer and no longer publish them in the IMF's international financial statistics (sources of exchange rates used by the Commission) because these exchange rates do not meet the IMF statistical standards.
At the same time, the Committee also reviewed the opinions of these countries on the following issues: some parts of the methodology for the preparation of the scale, in particular statistics on the length of the quasi-periods, the application of exchange rates and limits.
28. The Committee shares the concerns expressed in many matters.
However, it believes that its mandate makes it impossible to deal with the various political and legal issues raised.
After a lengthy discussion of individual opinions, the Committee believes that according to the new scale of assessments, it is only possible for 22 Member States to formulate assessment rates that appropriately reflect their ability to pay.
The exemption will not address the issue of principled positions of several of the 22 member states.
If it is willing to provide points for this purpose, it is usually limited to the entire range of the preparation of the new scale.
The Committee believes that the most equitable rate for the vast majority of Member States is not to give preferential treatment to 22 Member States, but rather to amend the scale for the preparation of the scale of assessments for the next scale of assessments.
30. Some Member States believe that when drafting the next scale, the 22 Member States should, at least for the vast majority of these Member States, be assessed as new Member States.
Other Member States expressed doubts about the approach because of the legal, political and financial implications of the approach, which had a negative impact on the assessment rates of other Member States, especially developing countries.
31. In accordance with the functions set out in General Assembly resolution 46/221 B, the Committee carefully reviewed all parts of the current scale methodology when calculating the next scale of assessments.
At the same time, it also takes into account the possibility of preparing the next scale according to the new approach.
In doing so, the Committee also noted the need to deal with the special issues of the 22 Member States in a technical and practical manner.
32. In order to review the current methodology for the preparation of the scale, its components should be divided into three areas: the concept of income; the conversion of national income into United States dollars; and other components, namely the statistical base period, the reduction in per capita income, and the limits approach.
33. Due to time constraints and lack of relevant data, the Committee was unable to discuss the functions contained in paragraph 7 (c) of resolution 46/221 B, but decided to continue its work in this area.
In the same way, its ability to reflect Member States’ capacity to pay has long been challenged.
The Committee recalls the work it has done over the years to adjust its gross domestic product to better reflect its capacity to pay.
35. Since the late 1980s, the work of the Commission has focused on reviewing other income concepts.
In the preparation of the two scales, the concept of other income was adopted, that is to say, the national income of the countries with an average national income of less than $6000 and a large external debt was adjusted downwards.
The basic concept of this adjustment is that the practice of subtracting debt from national income is not a concept of income that is defined within international standards.
37. Monetary income is defined as national income minus estimated income from agricultural and other activities' self-sufficient production.
Calculating income based on this concept will benefit low-income countries with large, self-supporting economies.
However, the concept is not very sound and therefore it is not included in international statistical standards and it is difficult to express it in terms of quantity.
This concept will better reflect accrued income from the following countries: Countries that employ a large number of expatriate workers or expatriate workers who are employed abroad and countries where large numbers of refugees live.
39. The definition of income adjusted according to changes in national wealth is the national income minus the interest expense required to invest to replace the loss of capital assets that was destroyed or lost due to natural or man-made disasters.
The concept has not been fully developed or implemented; it is therefore not included in international statistical standards and statistics are not readily available.
40. Sustainable income is defined as the national income minus the expenditures needed to maintain this income in the future.
The concept has not been effectively formulated. It is not included in international statistical standards and the availability of statistics depends on the conceptual formulation.
If further elaborated, the concept can face up to the needs expressed by some Member States, namely, adjusting national income to compensate for a country’s social and economic development deficiencies (such as lack of health or education facilities, housing, transportation systems).
41. The discussion of the concept of alternative income shows that the members of the Committee have many different opinions.
From a technical point of view, the Commission still considers that the concept of national income for the preparation of the scale of assessments (irrespective of past or future scales of income using debt adjustment) is more robust than other income concepts.
However, members believe that the concept of alternative revenue discussed above should continue to be reviewed and its possible use periodically reviewed.
44. The market exchange rate is used for the transactions of international goods and services and other payments and collections between countries.
They reflect the relative prices of goods and services between countries and other international transactions (such as foreign investment and loans, income and expenditure of investment income, and workers' remittances, current capital transfers), as well as interest rates and expectations for financial markets.
The advantage of using market exchange rates to calculate the scale of assessments is that the exchange rate is the same as the exchange rate used to calculate the payment of assessed contributions.
Unless IMF members, these data are available for all countries.
All market exchange rates announced by the IMF are in line with international standards of comparability.
45. The price-adjusted exchange rate is set by the Statistics Division because the dollar equivalent of the national income of countries in which they are: fixed and regulated exchange rates and/or rates that are high in the case of high inflation rates.
The price-adjusted exchange rate is defined as the reference period exchange rate for years or years following the adjustment of the price index reflecting inflation.
The benchmark market exchange rate and the price adjustment exchange rate are equal.
The price-adjusted exchange rate has for many years eliminated the effects of high inflation rates and volatile changes in exchange rates.
These exchange rates have stabilized the per capita income time series over the years.
As long as the price-adjusted exchange rate is based on the current exchange rate for the reference period, descriptive calculations show that their application did not significantly change the distribution of national income among Member States.
46. In addition to the remaining practical issues concerning the base period used, the formulation of the price-adjusted exchange rate concept was very good for the purposes of preparing the scale of assessments.
One of the benefits of using price-adjusted exchange rates is to reduce fluctuations in national income and per capita income over a period of time and to have the opportunity to use a shorter statistical base period.
However, it was pointed out that the price-adjusted exchange rate can only be useful for calculating the amount of assessment, but it is useless for actual payment.
47. A country's purchasing power parity is defined as how many units of a country's currency are needed to buy the same amount of goods and services in the domestic market, ie goods and services that can be bought in the United States for a dollar.
In other words, purchasing power parity is a measure of what kind of goods and services a country's gross domestic product will buy compared to the purchasing power of other countries' gross domestic product instead of using international exchange rates to evaluate the output of goods and services that countries use in dollars. .
In order to compile the scale, the use of purchasing power parity based on market exchange rates may greatly change the current distribution of national income.
48. The concept of purchasing power parity is very sound, and several international and regional organizations use it for analysis. Some regional organizations also use it to formulate policies.
At the same time, purchasing power parity is also more suitable for international products than, for example, the income used to compile scales.
The concept is based on the assumption that goods and services selected for comparison are actually comparable in different countries.
Every five years, the necessary statistics are collected for a few countries.
49. The world atlas exchange rate is the average of the market exchange rate of the previous year and the two price-adjusted exchange rates. The exchange rates of these two exchange rates in the past two years have been revised to this year using the price index.
The concept of the world atlas exchange rate is sound and is also more suitable for international comparison than purchasing power parity.
The World Bank (World Atlas) and UNDP (indicative planning figures) are currently using it, although not included in international statistical standards; however, there are statistics for countries included in the World Atlas every year.
50. In discussing the issue of various conversion rates, the members of the Commission sought to accommodate the extent to which they were limited in various concepts and data on the one hand, and on the other hand provided accurate and stable income measures over a period of time.
The average member believes that it is more important to interpret the data problem, the problem of data provision, and the cost of data compilation at this time than the conceptual characteristics of the attractive purchasing power parity (such as making the distribution of national income more stable will shorten the statistical base period).
At the same time, the question of concern is whether the notion of international income comparison is appropriate and the confusing effects of the concept of the initial use of scales in the distribution of national income.
Those members who are not in favor of using PPPs for the preparation of scales emphasize that purchasing power parity currently only applies to analysis and research and the development of limited policies.
51. Since there is no significant difference between the world atlas exchange rate and the market exchange rate after a period of time, and because the latter is more common, the question of the most appropriate conversion rate becomes a choice between the market exchange rate and the price-adjusted exchange rate.
At the same time, as was done in the past, price-adjusted exchange rates can also be used to correct distortions in the exchange rates of several countries.
52. The Committee pointed out the reasons for changing the period of the statistical base period, which has been considered at various different times in the past.
The period of the statistical base period used in the current scale methodology is the best guarantee for stabilizing the scale, which balances the increase and decrease in national income.
However, the current period of the reference period represents the ability of Member States to pay in the past rather than now.
54. Adjusting national income based on per capita income has made it easier for many developing countries, especially those with a large population, to reduce their burden.
