 2. The Committee elected Syed Amjad Ali as Chairman and Mr. Peter Gregg as Vice-Chairman by acclamation.
 Mr. Henrik Amneus also provided valuable assistance as acting Vice-Chairman responsible for leading key sessions of the drafting committee.
 The representation includes two statistical tables and a request for payment of part of regular budget assessment in national currency.
 It stresses the negative impact on its economic situation of the transition from a centrally planned to a market economy and two koruna devaluations.
 The Czech Republic requests to be assessed as a new Member State.
 9. Invoking rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, Armenia states that national income statistics from the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics do not reflect accurately its capacity to pay.
 It also points out the lack of correspondence between Armenia's current rate of assessment and its capacity to pay and asks the Committee to take into consideration its severe economic problem due to structural changes and political instability in the area among other factors.
 National income and population data are appended to the representation.
 Furthermore, the Government makes a case for reviewing the assessment rates for 1989-1994.
 The Statistical Division has been provided with national income and population data as well as IMF exchange rates for Latvia.
 12. In its first representation, Ukraine invokes rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and requests establishment of a fair rate of assessment based on its own national income data and exchange rates specially calculated by IMF.
 It notes that, as confirmed by the United Nations Legal Counsel, by opting for a mechanical redistribution of the contribution of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the Committee on Contributions effectively abandoned important principles and criteria underlying the existing procedures for determining the scale of assessments.
 The Government notes further that the decision to increase Ukraine's rate coincided with the reduction in its capacity to pay resulting, inter alia, from the effects of economic reforms and the consequences of the accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
 Reference is made to the inflated national income data and unrealistic exchange rates underlying the assessment rate of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and Ukraine's unwillingness to suffer the consequences of that State's policies.
 National income data and IMF exchange rates are appended to the representation.
 13. Ukraine's second representation details its economic losses resulting from the implementation of Security Council resolutions on sanctions against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and requests consideration of this factor by the Committee on Contributions.
 The representation emphasizes that Estonia was an annexed and occupied country, that it never was a part of, and is not a successor to the rights or obligations of, the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
 It also refers to the sovereign national income and population statistics provided to the Statistical Division and the exchange rates available from IMF.
 16. With reference to rule 160 of the rules of procedure, the Slovak Republic as one of the two successor States of the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic requests determination of its assessment rate on the basis of its current capacity to pay.
 The representation notes that the arbitrarily set exchange rates of the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic, among other factors, resulted in an assessment rate for the former State which exceeded its capacity to pay.
 It also notes the reduced capacity to pay of the Slovak Republic resulting from the effects of transition to a market economy and the limited capacity to acquire convertible currency.
 Numerous tables with statistical information are attached to the representation.
 Kazakhstan's current economic difficulties and shortage of foreign currency are described, which affect its capacity to pay at a critical stage in the transition period.
 The note describes the quality of the data available for these countries and the efforts undertaken by several international organizations in cooperation with them to improve the data quality and reorient the statistical system in transition economies.
 It also describes the criteria and procedures followed in processing the data and in dealing with conflicting data.
 This may explain why the estimates, when added together, do not necessarily add up to the previous totals for the former consolidated States and also explains the existence of sometimes more than one estimate for these States, each of which is based on different compilation criteria.
 Thus, even if the estimates are of high quality, they are not necessarily comparable with the data previously processed centrally or comparable with data of other States in this category.
 23. However, the most serious problem faced in the interpretation of data for the 22 Member States concerns exchange rates.
 In fact, the internal study of IMF on quota calculations for the republics of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics employs such different foreign exchange rate patterns.
 For its own purposes, IMF calculated rates for 1985 and 1990 and made extrapolations for the other years at the request of the States concerned.
 The note concluded that it was difficult to justify individual exchange rates for the former republics for years prior to the dissolution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics that are different from the former official rates.
 Such rates are not strictly comparable with the IMF rates used for other countries.
 26. The Committee was informed by IMF that the IMF rates for the States of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics for years prior to dissolution were the same for all of them and served research and quota calculation purposes only.
 The Committee was further informed that IMF did not intend to develop these rates further and would not publish them in the IMF International Financial Statistics, the source of the exchange rates used by the Committee in its work, as they do not meet IMF's statistical standards.
 The Committee also examined the representations of these States with regard to some of the components of the scale methodology, in particular the length of the statistical base period, the exchange rates and the application of the scheme of limits.
 28. The Committee sympathized with many of the concerns expressed.
 However, it did not feel competent in terms of its mandate to deal with the political and legal issues raised.
 After lengthy discussion of the individual representations, the Committee concluded that a determination of assessment rates for the 22 Member States that better reflect their current capacity to pay could only be achieved in the context of a new scale of assessments.
 Mitigation would not address positions of principle held by several of the 22 Member States.
 The willingness to make points available for that purpose generally is limited to the overall context of formulating a new scale.
 The Committee concluded that the most balanced result for the largest number of Member States would not be achieved through preferential treatment of the 22 Member States but rather through modification of the scale methodology for the preparation of the next scale of assessments.
 30. Some members expressed the view that the 22 Member States, or at least a majority of them, should be assessed in the next scale as if they were new Member States.
 Other members cast doubt on this approach in view of the legal, political and financial problems it raises as such approach entails negative impact on the rates of assessment of other Member States, particularly developing countries.
 31. Guided by the General Assembly mandate contained in resolution 46/221 B, the Committee carefully reviewed all components of the current scale methodology in preparation for the calculation of the next scale of assessments.
 It also considered the possibility of preparing the next scale on the basis of a new approach.
 In doing so, the Committee also was mindful of the need to address in a technical and practical manner the special problems of the 22 Member States.
 32. For the review of the current scale methodology, its components were divided into three areas: income concepts; conversion of national income to United States dollars; and other elements, that is, statistical base period, low per capita income allowance and scheme of limits.
 33. Owing to time constraints and the fact that the necessary data were not available, the Committee was not in a position to deal with the mandate contained in paragraph 7 (c) of resolution 46/221 B but decided to continue its work in this area.
 Its ability to reflect the capacity to pay of Member States has been challenged equally long.
 The Committee recalled its work over the years to define adjustments for GDP that would better reflect the capacity to pay.
 35. Since the late 1980s, the Committee has concentrated its efforts in this area on the examination of alternative income concepts.
 In the preparation of the last two scales, it has employed an alternative income concept by adjusting downward the national incomes of countries with annual per capita national incomes below $6,000 [4]/ and burdened by large amounts of external debt.
 The conceptual problem inherent in this adjustment is that the deduction of debt from national income does not result in an income concept defined in international standards.
 37. Monetary income is defined as national income minus imputed income of subsistence production in agriculture and other activities.
 Income measurement based on this concept would benefit low income countries with large subsistence economies.
 However, the concept is not well developed, is not included in international statistical standards and is difficult to quantify.
 It would reflect better the assessable income of countries with large numbers of non-resident migrant workers employed in the country or resident workers employed abroad as well as countries with large numbers of refugees staying in the country.
 39. Income adjusted for changes in national wealth is defined as national income minus the interest cost of investments needed to replace capital assets damaged or lost as a result of natural or man-made disasters.
 The concept has not been well developed nor made operational; it is not included in international statistical standards and statistics are not readily available.
 40. Sustainable income is defined as national income minus expenditures required to sustain such income into the future.
 The concept is not elaborated operationally; it is not available in international statistical standards, and the availability of statistics would depend on how it is elaborated conceptually.
 If further elaborated, the concept could address the need expressed by some Member States for an adjustment of national income to compensate for deficiencies in a country's social and economic development (e.g., lack of health or education facilities, housing, transportation systems).
 41. The discussion of alternative income concepts revealed a wide range of diverging views among Committee members.
 From a technical point of view, the Committee still considers the national income concept to be more sound than other income concepts for the purposes of the scale of assessments notwithstanding the use of debt-adjusted income in past or future scales.
 The members agreed, however, that the alternative income concepts discussed above should be kept under consideration and their possible use reviewed periodically.
 44. Market exchange rates are used for transactions in goods and services traded internationally and in other payments and receipts between countries.
 They reflect relative prices of goods and services between countries and also other international transactions, such as foreign investments and loans, payments and receipts of investment income and transfer of workers' remittances, current and capital transfers, as well as by interest rates and expectations of financial markets.
 The use of MERs for calculating the scale has the advantage of being the same type of rate that is used for the calculation of the payment of assessed contributions.
 Data are available for all countries except non-IMF members.
 All MERs published by IMF satisfy standards of international comparability.
 45. Price-adjusted rates of exchange were developed by the Statistical Division in response to distortions in United States dollar values of the national incomes of countries with fixed, controlled exchange rates and/or rates that exist under circumstances of high inflation.
 PAREs are defined as exchange rates for base periods that are adjusted for earlier or later years with the help of price indices reflecting inflation.
 During the base period, the MER and the PARE are identical.
 PAREs smooth out the effects of high rates of inflation and volatile movements of exchange rates over time.
 They provide stability over time in per capita income time series.
 Illustrative calculations have shown that their application does not drastically change the distribution of national incomes among Member States as long as the PARE rates are based on exchange rates which prevail during the base period.
 46. Except for questions that remain about the suitability of the base period used, PAREs are conceptually sufficiently well developed for the purposes of the scale of assessments.
 An advantage of using PARE is the decreased fluctuation of national and per capita income over time and the opportunity to work with a shorter statistical base period.
 It was noted, however, that PARE can only serve assessment purposes and not the purpose of actual payments.
 47. A purchasing power parity for a country is defined as the number of units of a country's currency required to buy the same amount of goods and services in the domestic market as one dollar would buy in the United States.
 In other words, PPPs focus on what goods and services a country's GDP will buy compared with the purchasing power of other countries' GDP rather than on valuing each country's output in goods and services in United States dollars using international exchange rates. 
 For the purposes of the scale, the use of PPPs could result in significant changes in the current distribution of national incomes based on MERs.
 48. PPPs are conceptually well developed and are used by several international and regional organizations for analytical purposes and by some regional organizations for policy purposes.
 Also, PPPs are more relevant for international product than income comparisons such as those made for the scale.
 The concept rests on the assumption that the goods and services selected for comparison are actually comparable in the different countries.
 The necessary statistics are collected every five years for a limited number of countries.
 49. The WA rate is the average of the last annual MER and two PARE rates which are exchange rates of the last two years that are updated to the present year with the help of price indices.
 WA is conceptually sound and is more relevant for international comparisons of income than PPPs.
 It is used currently by the World Bank (World Atlas) and UNDP (indicative planning figure). While not covered in international statistical standards, statistics are available annually for the countries covered in the World Atlas.
 50. In the discussion of the different conversion rates, Committee members tried to come to terms with their varying conceptual and data limitations, on the one hand, and the degree to which they provide accurate and stable income measures over time, on the other.
 There was fairly general agreement that the problems interpreting the data, of data availability and the cost of data generation at this point outweighed the intriguing conceptual characteristics of PPPs such as greater stability in income distributions among countries which would allow shortening of the statistical base period.
 Concern also was expressed about the concept's appropriateness for international income comparison and the initial turbulent impact its use would have on the distribution of national incomes for scale purposes.
 Those who questioned the use of PPPs for the scale stressed that PPPs are currently applied only for analytical, research and limited policy purposes.
 51. With WAs not being significantly different from MERs over time and in view of the latter's more universal coverage, the question of the most appropriate conversion rate is reduced to a choice between MERs and PARE.
 Meanwhile, PARE could be used to correct exchange rate distortions for selected countries as had been done in the past.
 52. The Committee recalled the reasons for changing the length of the statistical base period which had been considered at various times in the past.
 The length of the statistical base period in the current scale methodology is the strongest guarantor of stability over time averaging out national income fluctuations.
 However, at its present length, it is indicative of past rather than present capacity to pay of Member States.
 54. The adjustment of national income on the basis of low per capita income provides relief to many developing countries, especially those with very large populations.
