The heart is in, the dream is in!
If the heart is in, the dream will be there!
If the heart, dreams are there!
Genome and Transcription analysis will undoubtedly complement existing proteomics and genetic knowledge.
Genome and transcriptome analysis will undoubtedly complement existing proteomic and genetic knowledge.
Genome and transcriptome analysis will undoubtedly complement existing proteome and genetics.
If there is any need of the kind, please do not hesitate to contact us, we have been completed in your disposal.
If there is any kind of need, please do not hesitate to contact us, we have been in your disposal.
If there is any kind of need, please do not hesitate to contact us and we are always at your disposal.
It can in any case work at extreme high temperatures or low temperatures without any problems
It can, in any case, work at extreme high temperatures or low temperatures without any problems
It can work under any circumstances and can work extremely hot or cold without any problem
Wrap your scarf around and fasten your clothes.
Keep your scarf on, do your coat up.
A good scarf, buckle clothes.
The new attack submarines have a balanced performance and advanced nuclear power systems.
The new attack submarine has balanced performance and advanced nuclear power system
The new attack submarines have balanced performance and advanced nuclear power system.
The long - lived experience is much more miserable.
Long more suffering.
Long life more suffering.
On the other hand, correcting the waste of time and inhibiting students' enthusiasm is self - evident.
On the other hand, it is self-evident that correcting the waste of time and restraining the enthusiasm of students
On the other hand, it is self-evident that we should correct our mistakes and waste time and curb their enthusiasm.
I think that lady's choking!
I think that lady is choking!
I think that lady 噎 arrived!
Indeed, when we arrived there, we found no treasure at all.
Indeed, when we arrived there, we found that there was no treasure at all.
Indeed, when we got there too, we found that we did not find any treasure at all.
Martina cole was born in Essex county.
Martina Kerr was born and raised in essex.
Martina Cole is a native of Essex.
I don't know how you two think you can get through.
I don't know how you two think we can survive.
I do not know how both of you think you can survive.
For graduates, the main problem is not that they do not have the skills;
For graduates, the main problem is not that they don't have skills;
For undergraduate graduates, the main problem is not that they do not have the skills;
The two athletes have been enduring a slight pain.
Two players have been suffering from minor injuries.
Two athletes have been suffering minor injuries.
Like other renewable energy contests, the wind power industry is eager to improve reliability and reduce costs.
Like other renewable energy races, wind power industry is eager to improve reliability and reduce costs.
Like other renewable energy competitions, the wind industry is eager to improve reliability and reduce costs.
The gas turbine's small size, weight, and multiple fuel applications make it a natural power plant offshore platform.
The gas turbine is small in size, heavy in weight, and is widely used as a natural power plant on offshore platforms.
The gas turbine's small, heavy, multi-fuel applications make it a natural power plant on the offshore platform.
Even more worrying, it has been less than a few weeks since the implementation of the law, but it has not yet been announced who will oversee the law.
Even more worrying is that it has not been weeks since the law was implemented, but it has not yet been announced who will oversee the law.
Even more worrisome is the fact that it has taken less than a few weeks since the law was implemented, but who has yet to declare who will oversee the law.
You've seen them, they will overthrow themselves, just because they will be completely out of the reality of what people want.
What you have seen, they will overthrow themselves, just because they will be completely divorced from the reality of what people want.
If you have seen them, they will overthrow themselves simply because what they want in the real world from which they will be completely detached.
Yale scholars began to study how facial features such as the shape of eyebrows, eyelid and wrinkles affect facial expressions.
Scholars at the Yale University began to study facial features, such as the shape of eyebrows, how eyelids and wrinkles affect facial expressions.
Researchers at Yale University began to study facial features such as the shape of eyebrows, how eyelids and wrinkles affect facial expressions.
In order to reduce the false alarm probability, the laser warning receiver mostly adopts the multi - correlation detection technology.
In order to reduce false alarm probability, most of the laser warning receivers adopt multiple correlation detection technology
In order to reduce the false alarm probability, the laser warning receiver mostly adopts the multiple correlation detection technique.
If you want to attract a man's eye, don't bother to blink your eyelashes or stroke your hair, just pout your pout.
If you want to attract a man's attention, don't bother fluttering eyelashes or hair, just practise your pout.
If you want to attract men's attention, do not bother to blink eyelashes or hair, just pampered sexy on it.
I found that it was almost nothing for everyone, except the department of manpower.
I found it almost worthless for everyone, except the human ministry.
I found it almost useless for everyone except the Ministry of Manpower.
Sugar and fat should be available for all persons of the year.
No matter who belongs to which year the sugar and fat intake should not overdo sth..
No matter what age people, eating sugar and fat should be enough.
The driver died after the car hit the tree.
The driver died from the impact of a car hitting a tree
Driver died in a car hit the tree after the impact.
Therefore, China and Russia will continue to serve as international partners for convenience, but cooperation is not based on the exchange of deep views and strategic interests.
Therefore, China and Russia will continue to be international partners for convenience goods, but cooperation is not based on deep opinion and strategic interests.
Therefore, China and Russia will continue to serve as international partners for convenience products, but cooperation is not based on deep-seated opinions and strategic interests.
I prefer the McDonald's Michael chicken. it's not that dry.
I prefer McDonald's Michael chicken. It's not that dry
I prefer McDonald's McKenzie.
Is the high prediction uncertainty hampering effective decision support?
Does high forecast uncertainty hinder effective decision support?
Does high forecast uncertainty hinder effective decision support?
Please connect me to the number.
Please connect me with this number
Please help me connect this number.
I cut off some talk.
I cut off some phone conversations.
I cut off some conversation chat.
I think the Chinese students' reading comprehension is very good, but the listening and speaking ability is not so good.
I think Chinese students are very good at reading, but their listening and speaking ability is not so good.
I think Chinese students have a very good understanding of reading but not so good at listening.
Rough surface contact research is a young cross - discipline.
Contact research of rough surface is a young interdisciplinary subject.
Rough surface contact research is a young interdisciplinary.
Objective: chronic erosive gastritis is a common and frequently occurring disease.
Objective: chronic erosive gastritis is a common and frequently occurring disease.
Objective: Chronic erosive gastritis is a common disease, frequently-occurring disease.
However, the level of needs is affected by the contribution of the need to the life satisfaction and happiness of the respondents.
However, the level of needs is influenced by the need for the satisfaction and happiness of the respondents.
However, the level of various needs is affected by the contribution of such needs to the respondents' life satisfaction and happiness.
Are you going to go by land or by sea?
Are you going to go by land or by sea?
Are you going to go by land or by sea?
Clinical study of percutaneous within in the treatment of 53 cases of chronic soft tissue injury
Clinical study on 53 cases of chronic soft tissue injury treated by intradermal thread grafting
Clinical study of 53 cases of chronic soft tissue injury treated with skin explants
That bean curd is too hot for him.
That bean curd is too spicy for him.
The piece of tofu is too hot for him.
Use thick books or bricks to hold down the book for as long as possible and for a few days.
Use thick books or bricks to press the book, as long as possible, a few days almost.
Use thick books or bricks to hold down this book, as long as possible, a few days time similar.
If you know someone is a consultant, you should look for someone.
If you know someone is a consultant, you should find someone.
If you know someone is a consultant, you should find someone.
Perseverance is more profound than willpower, so willpower is a part of perseverance.
Perseverance is more profound than willpower, so willpower is a part of perseverance
Perseverance is more profound than willpower, so willpower is a part of perseverance.
Let's adjourn the discussion now and continue the discussion next time.
Now let's pause the discussion and discuss the problem next time.
Let's pause the discussion now and continue discussing the issue next time.
Americans like beautiful clothes, so you should buy some famous clothes.
Americans like fashionable and beautiful clothes, so you should buy some brand clothes.
Americans like fashionable and beautiful clothes, then you should buy some designer clothes.
English makes me more enthusiastic, more confident, more passionate!
English makes me more passionate, more confident and more passionate!
English makes me more passionate, more confident, more passionate!
An important theme is the protection of the disease, which is the result of increased risk of infection in the living environment.
An important topic is the protection of the disease, which is suspected to be the result of increased risk of infection caused by the living environment.
An important theme is the protection of the disease, which is the result of an increased risk of infection in the living environment.
He threw the sausage on the sidewalk, and he didn't know who the dog ate the sausage and even the mustard.
He dropped his sausage on the pavement and someone's dog ate it, mustard and all.
He threw the sausage on the sidewalk, unknown to anyone who had the sausage and even the mustard eaten.
A large warship, a Xiang Jie in the history of the construction of a warship.
The great battleship is a masterpiece in the history of naval ship construction.
A big warship, is a masterpiece in the history of warship construction.
Seashore Sparrow seems to be a green solution for the golf course.
Seashore paspalum appears to be green solutions of the golf course.
Seashore paspalum appears to be the green solution for the golf course.
Some plants blossom all year round.
Some plants bloom all the year round
Some plants bloom throughout the year.
In the simulation example, the additional control effect of the static var generator in the compensation law is considered.
In the simulation example, two different situations are considered, which are the additional control action of the static var generator in the compensation law.
In the simulation example, two different situations have been considered in the compensation law with or without additional control of the static generator.
To sum up, Mr bush's tax policy may play a neutral role in driving short-term gains.
To sum up, Mr. Bush's tax policy may play a neutral role in promoting short-term earnings growth.
To sum up, Mr. Bush's taxation policy may play a neutral role in driving short-term earnings growth.
Application of database knowledge and data mining technology, the two kinds of one-way ticket loss algorithm.
Using database knowledge and data mining technology, this paper proposes two kinds of single pass ticket loss algorithm.
Applying database knowledge and data mining techniques, we propose algorithms for the loss of these two types of one-way tickets.
Kiosks should be optimized for the first time.
Kiosks should be optimized for first-time use
Kiosks should be optimized for first use.
Summing up experience, clearing up the thinking and trying to create a new situation of Guangxi water conservancy work
Summing up experience, sorting out train of thought, striving to create a new situation of water conservancy in Guangxi
Summarizing Experiences, Sorting Ideas and Striving to Create a New Situation in Guangxi Water Conservancy
She turned her gaze from one person to another.
She turned her gaze from one person to another
She turned gaze from one person to another.
The callus showed a higher and a half dose and relative growth in the medium containing Acetonitrile acid.
The callus exhibited a high semi inhibitory dose and relative growth on the culture medium containing dithiocarbamate.
The callus showed a higher half-inhibitory dose and relative growth on medium containing ethionine.
Monitoring emerging diseases contributes to global security.
Surveillance of emerging diseases contributes to global security.
Overseeing emerging diseases contributes to global security.
The characteristics and clinical features of demographic statistics on the archives of bipolar disorder.
Demographic characteristics and clinical features of bipolar disorder archives.
Demographic Characteristics and Clinical Characteristics of Bipolar Disorders Archives.
The experimental results show that the temperature of semi-solid slurry has obvious influence on the semi-solid microstructure of the sample.
The experimental results show that the semi-solid slurry temperature has an obvious influence on the semi-solid microstructure of the sample
The experimental results show that the semi-solid slurry temperature has obvious influence on the semi-solid structure of the sample.
The problem is to find the real people behind all the tensions.
The problem is finding all the real people behind the tension
The problem is finding the real people behind all the tension.
electrolytic process Electrolytic process; Electrolytic imprinting
Electrolysis method; electrolysis process; electrolytic copy
Electrolysis; electrolysis process; electrolytic photocopy
The smart lover will save some money, and then use the money to invest or do some business.
Smart lovers save some money, and use that money to invest or do business.
Clever lovers will save some money, and then use the money to invest or do business.
She arranged the flowers in the vase.
She arranged the flowers in a vase.
She inserted the flower in the vase
The Ministry of manpower in Singapore conducted interviews with foreign domestic workers in the first few months of employment, examining whether there was a need to adjust.
Singapore's Ministry of manpower interviewed the foreign migrant workers in the first few months of employment to see if there was a need for adjustment.
The Ministry of Manpower in Singapore interviewed foreign domestic workers for employment in the months leading up to their employment, checking to see if any adjustments were needed.
A priority for the project is the reconciliation of family and working life, the development of more flexible and effective forms of work organization and support services.
One of the priorities of the project is to take into account both family and work life, and to develop more flexible and effective forms of organizational work and support services.
A priority of the project is to take into account family and work life and develop more flexible and effective forms of work organization and support services.
Of course, weak economic recovery is the main political baggage of Mr Obama and the democratic party.
Of course, the weak economic recovery is the main political burden of Obama and the Democratic Party
Of course, the weak economic recovery is the main political baggage for Obama and the Democratic Party.
The exchange structure supports two transmission modes: point - to - point and point - to - multipoint broadcast, and has good capacity expansion performance.
The switch architecture supports point-to-point and multicast to two transmission modes, and has very good capacity expansion performance.
The switch fabric supports both point-to-point and point-to-multipoint broadcast delivery, with good capacity expansion performance.
This is the key to room 208.
This is the key to room 208
This is the key to the 208 room.
I also intend to buy this cleanser in a dry skin series.
I'm also going to buy this cleanser for the dry skin series
I also plan to buy this cleanser for dry skin.
This entry focuses on the history of the world commodity market and the current debate.
This entry focuses on the history of the world commodity market and the current debate.
This entry focuses on the history of the world commodity market and the current debate.
Comedians in return for English for people's laughter.
The comedian by murdering the English for people's laughter.
Comedians to speak English in exchange for people's laughter.
Remember, all of these are related to release, or potential release.
Remember, all of these are related to release or potential release.
Remember, all of these are related to release, or potential release.
The line capacitance has two effects on the line voltage.
Line capacitance has two effects on line voltage
Line capacitance has two effects on the line voltage.
The results showed that the choice of chlorinated agents was highly significant.
The results show that the selection of chlorinating agents is highly significant.
The results show that: the choice of chlorinated species highly significant.
Oh, let me tell * her mother is listening.
Oh, let me tell her, her mother is listening.
Oh, let me tell * Her mother is listening.
In image transform coding, using the new algorithm can only calculate the low frequency transform coefficients that need to be encoded and transmitted, so as to reduce the computation greatly.
In the image transformation coding, the new algorithm can only calculate the low frequency transform coefficients that need to be encoded and transmitted, so as to greatly reduce the computational complexity.
In the image transform coding, using the new algorithm can only need to be encoded and transmitted low-frequency transform coefficients, in order to greatly reduce the amount of computation.
Name of the company: Changde city wire and cable co., ltd.
Company name: Changde Jiada electric wire & Cable Co. ltd..
Company Name: Changde City Jia Da Wire & Cable Co., Ltd.
The players are standing on the edge of the court.
The players are standing on the edge of the court.
Athletes are standing on the edge of the course.
